WebAuthenticationBroker: Added support for Android. (#5550)
unoplatform/uno: doc/articles/features/web-authentication-broker.md

* The timeout is set by default to 5 minutes. You can change it using `WinRTFeatureConfiguration.WebAuthenticationBroker.AuthenticationTimeout`.

## Usage on WebAssembly

* The _redirect URI_ **MUST** be with the origin (protocol + hostname + port) of the application. It is not possible to use a custom scheme URI.
* When using the `<iframe>` mode (see _advanced usages_ below), the server must allow for using CSP (Content Security Policy).
* Default _redirect URI_ is `<origin>/authentication-callback`. For example `http://localhost:5000/authentication-callback`.
* It is not possible for applications to clear cookies for the authentication server when this one is from another origin. The only way clear cookies is to deploy the app and the authentication server on the same site (sharing the same origin).
* You can change the size and the initial title of the open window by setting corresponding settings in `WinRTFeatureConfiguration.WebAuthenticationBroker` .

## Usage on iOS & MacOS

> * The *redirect URI* **MUST** use a custom scheme URI and  this one must be registered in the `Info.plist` of the  application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The *redirect URI* **MUST** use a custom scheme URI and  this one must be registered in the `Info.plist` of the application.
```

* You **MUST** declare an activity deriving from `WebAuthenticationBrokerActivityBase` in the Android head of your application:

  ``` csharp
  // Android: add this class near the MainActivity of your head project
  [Activity(NoHistory = true, LaunchMode = LaunchMode.SingleTop)]
  [IntentFilter(
  	new[] {Android.Content.Intent.ActionView},
  	Categories = new[] {Android.Content.Intent.CategoryDefault, Android.Content.Intent.CategoryBrowsable},
      // Change the following DataScheme for one specific to your application...
  	DataScheme = "myapplication")]
  public class WebAuthenticationBrokerActivity : WebAuthenticationBrokerActivityBase
  {
      // You can change the name of this class if you wish, it really not something important.
  }
  ```

* To use the automatic discovery of the _redirect URI_, it is required to set the `IntentFilter` using the attributes like in the previous point. If you put it in the manifest, you'll need to set the URI using the `WinRTFeatureConfiguration.WebAuthenticationBroker.DefaultReturnUri` property.

* Default _redirect URI_ will be `<scheme>:/authentication-callback`. Ex: `my-app-auth:/authentication-callback`

> * The default implementation of the `WebAuthenticationBroker` on Android will launch the system browser and the result will come back through the custom scheme of the _Return Uri_. You may want something more elaborated, like the _AndroidX Chrome Custom Tabs_. Check in the _Advanced_ section below for instructions to use it in your application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The default implementation of the `WebAuthenticationBroker` on Android will launch the system browser and the result will come back through the custom scheme of the _Return Uri_. You can also use the _AndroidX Chrome Custom Tabs_ by reading the the _Advanced_ section below for instructions to use it in your application.
```

* The timeout is set by default to 5 minutes. You can change it using `WinRTFeatureConfiguration.WebAuthenticationBroker.AuthenticationTimeout`.

## Usage on WebAssembly

* The _redirect URI_ **MUST** be with the origin (protocol + hostname + port) of the application. It is not possible to use a custom scheme URI.
* When using the `<iframe>` mode (see _advanced usages_ below), the server must allow for using CSP (Content Security Policy).
* Default _redirect URI_ is `<origin>/authentication-callback`. For example `http://localhost:5000/authentication-callback`.
* It is not possible for applications to clear cookies for the authentication server when this one is from another origin. The only way clear cookies is to deploy the app and the authentication server on the same site (sharing the same origin).
* You can change the size and the initial title of the open window by setting corresponding settings in `WinRTFeatureConfiguration.WebAuthenticationBroker` .

## Usage on iOS & MacOS

> * The *redirect URI* **MUST** use a custom scheme URI and this one must be registered in the `Info.plist` of the application.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* The *redirect URI* **MUST** use a custom scheme URI and this scheme must be registered in the `Info.plist` of the application.
```

* Default *redirect URI* will be `<scheme>:/authentication-callback`. Ex: `my-app-auth:/authentication-callback`
* The default *redirect URI* will be automatic if there's only one custom scheme defined in the application. If there are more than one scheme, the first one will be used. You may want to set the right one using the `WinRTFeatureConfiguration.WebAuthenticationBroker.DefaultReturnUri` property.

## Usage on Android

* The *redirect URI* **MUST** use a custom scheme URI. This one will launch a special *Activity* declared in the application.

* You **MUST** declare an activity inheriting from `WebAuthenticationBrokerActivityBase` in the Android head:

  ``` csharp
  // Android: add this class near the MainActivity, in the head project
  [Activity(NoHistory = true, LaunchMode = LaunchMode.SingleTop)]
  [IntentFilter(
  	new[] {Android.Content.Intent.ActionView},
  	Categories = new[] {Android.Content.Intent.CategoryDefault, Android.Content.Intent.CategoryBrowsable},
      // To be changed for a scheme specific to the application
  	DataScheme = "myapplication")]
  public class WebAuthenticationBrokerActivity : WebAuthenticationBrokerActivityBase
  {

>       // Note: the name of this class it not important

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      // Note: the name of this class is not important
```

This implementation can also published as a NuGet package and it will be discovered automatically by the Uno tooling during compilation.

### Android: Custom Implementation for AndroidX Chrome Custom Tabs

> 1. Add reference to following NuGet packages:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Add references to following NuGet packages:
```

>    * `Xamarin.Android.Support.CustomTabs`

Reviewer: Isn't there an AndroidX version of that package ?

   * `Xamarin.AndroidX.Lifecycle.LiveData`
   * `Xamarin.AndroidX.Browser`

> 2. Directly in the Android head project, create a class deriving from `WebAuthenticationBrokerProvider`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Directly in the Android head project, create a class inheriting from `WebAuthenticationBrokerProvider`:
```

   ``` csharp

>    public class ChromeCustomTabsProvider : WebAuthenticationBrokerProvider

Reviewer: Full namespace for WebAuthenticationBrokerProvider ?
